you're right about that I lost my one
true love my one and only soulmate I
never knew love could hurt this much
every muscle in my body is aching hey
where are you going so did you triple
check every single rose no wilted petals
let's take it to the Queen Leroy and
tuck in your jerks
presenting the incredibly immaculate
positively pristine and perfectly
perfect queen of men Shaw
all I ever wanted to be was a simple
Squire
the luckiest man alive
Hey
someone revives the groom down Landers
were gathered here today to celebrate
our queen
Brandon you may now say the vow the
queen of men she requested I promised
perfection cleanliness and order always
marriage is a union weather man worships
the woman where he commits to serve her
he commits to love her comfort her cook
for her and bestow upon her his heart's
deepest devotion if anyone objects speak
now or forever hold your peace I am
jacked not you you're not even supposed
to talk the groom forgets that men
should be seen and not heard he's so
cute
moving on the groom will pledge his
eternal love for the bride please bring
to the altar the devotion bouquet and
the Rings
what is going on are they up welders
take those intruders to the snake pit no
generally the groom is not allowed to
have guests but we can put them in the
back row as long as they remain quiet
and make sure you don't let them eat any
of the hors d'oeuvres
these rings are tokens of your love
symbols of your unity with these rings
we will see you of the wind I love you
Stella I'm sorry do you Queen Amman sure
accept this man as your husband yes I do
do you queena mention except this man as
your husband yes I do these flowers
Stace not so good hey guys that's one of
amore slow me blossoms look
records also one is supposed to be next
to me at my wedding I've never felt like
this before I'll have to find my true
love where is my soulmate
soulmate she talking about don't be
upset Brandon I'm sure the blonde will
take you back where is my love
well he's just a century the Queen kept
marry him she's the queen
there's true love waiting for you too
ah
what a lovely day I'm going to wake you
I know chip hey Brandon what's in these
bottles it's down Lander courage brew it
was an apology gift from sponsors
this is from the royal potion maker I'm
sorry I took your bride take that brew
and ever unique courage did he keep any
for himself it seems like if he's gonna
survive that marriage he's gonna need
courage bro every day